I prompted Clauda Sonnet 4.6 with the following "Generate a C++ class to represent a string" which generated the class AI_string.cc.


The code begins with some includes for necessary libraries. Then it defines the class String with three private variable members. A C style char array
called data and two size_t variables for length and capacity. Next is a private function called Allocate which dynamically allocates memory which is addressed
to the data of the object. It takes an input of capacity size and sets the capacity and basis the dynamic allocation amount on the capacity. It only puts the 
terminating character for a C style string in the data array.

Next it sets it to public access and begins to write more functions. It writes a custom default constructor which sets the length as zero and calls allocate with
a capacity of 15. Then there is a constructor which takes a C style string of a const char array. It sets the length based on the length of the array. Calls the allocate
function based on this length and uses strcpy() to copy the string data from the input string to the new dynamically allocated data. 

Next is the copy constructor which is set up similarly to the C style string constructor. This time it can use member initialisation lists to set the length of the new
string object from the input string. Again it calls allocate and uses strcpy() to copy over the data. It defines the move constructor next using the noexcept keyword so
that it can only except String input objects. It uses member initialisation lists to set all the variables and then sets the old objects value to zero or nullptr.

The destructor is defined next. It simply calls delete[] on the data variable. Next is the copy assignment operator. This checks that it is not trying to copy itself
in an if statement. Then it deletes the existing data in the new String object and then copies over the data from the original String object and then return a pointer
to the new String object. Next the move assignment operator is defined. It does all the same steps as the copy assignment except it also sets the original String objects
variables to either zero or nullptr.

Next it overrides the element access operator [] to allow you to access the string like it is an array. It does this for both const and non const versions to allow you to
do it on both const and non const string objects.

Next is overrides the + operator to allow you to concatenate two strings. It first creates a new string object. Then it gets the length of the two original strings and 
adds them together to get the new length. It then does a strcpy() and strcat() to add the two original strings on to the new one. It then overrides the += operator by
simply calling it as it if was a + operator operation inside.

Next it overrides the 6 comparsion operators of >,<,==,!=,>= and <=. The main unique part is for == and < it uses the strcmp() function to compare the underlying
data char array to get the answer.

Then it defines three accessors or getters. For the length, if it string is empty and to get the underlying C style string.

There is a substring function to get a substring out of the string. It takes the starting position of the substring and the end position . It throws an exception
if the substring goes out of range of the string. It uses std::min to help find the length of the substring. It uses strncpy which takes an extra input from strcpy.
It allows you to specify the max number of characters to be copied which allows the function to get the substring for the given length.

Next there is a find function to find an inputted substring in the string. It uses strstr which is a standard library function that basically does exactly what the function
needs to do. Strstr returns a pointer to the postion the match begins